Feat: Unity offline caching (#3659)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/unity/configuration/offline-caching.mdx

---

> title: Offline Caching

Reviewer: should this be its own page? usually we only make it available in the basic options
https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/android/configuration/options/#cache-directory-path

and also in the shutdown & draining page https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/android/configuration/draining/

Author: Thanks for pointing that out. I completely missed it.

description: "Learn how the SDK handles offline caching."
sidebar_order: 200
---

> Offline caching is enabled by default. When a device is unable to send an event it is cached and we send a report once we receive another event. The SKD uses `Application.persistentDataPath` as base directory for caching. If you change this path take note that it should persist between sessions to capture events that would be lost otherwise.

Reviewer 2: `l`: some wording suggestions.
```suggestion
Offline caching is enabled by default. When a device cannot send an event, it is cached, and the SDK sends a report once we receive another event. The SKD uses `Application.persistentDataPath` as the base directory for caching. If you change this path, take note that it should persist between sessions to capture events that would be lost otherwise.
```
